how will governments Force everybody on
a cbdc when there's so much negativity
against it take a guess I'm going to
show you here today I want to know what
you're thinking around the subject of
course it's very important that we look
at this and make it very clear about how
the implementation will likely take
place my name is David quintiri and what
I do here at this channel is I bring you
all the different aspects of the
financial system so that we have the
education that we need that quite
frankly we are not going to find
anywhere else let's begin so I'm going
to show you some things today about
theft and we are going to look at a few
examples of what's been happening and
it's not just in one area it seems to be
quite pervasive I want to show you
what's going on and how that will lead
into the next steps and ultimately a
central bank digital currency you may
not you know be told about the
circumstances here and the connections
but I'll do that today
how the CBC cbdc will be implemented and
accepted by all governments will
increase taxes that's happening already
they're going to increase those taxes
but they will put it more towards
unproductive use and so you're going to
spend more but you're going to get less
at the end of the day just like
inflation
that's another Factor inflation is up
considerably over the last little while
we know that poverty has been increasing
increasing food stamp usage increasing
Food Bank usage these numbers are all
off the charts including the student
debt the credit card debt as we have
here I mean just all-time highs all
across the board
and so we know that people are
struggling they are in a position where
they just can't make ends meet and it's
been at this level here seemingly after
two to three years of different types of
stimulus different moratoriums like all
these different programs that have been
put in place so it's strange that all of
that time didn't give people enough to
get by and then Thrive because they were
taking part of that burden away like the
student loans but still because there
are so many other things piled up on top
of them and that's when it becomes more
difficult you've got to offer an
incentive to these people oh we've got
the solution for you but not until
things get so bad that they're willing
to accept anything
you see what I'm saying do you see where
I'm going with this
um look at Ubi okay so Ubi could be that
potential Universal basic income where
they will say look everybody we know
that times are tough we're gonna give
everybody a thousand dollars two
thousand dollars whatever the case is
per month and there have been you know
times with cerb in Canada during 2020
they were giving a lot of people two
thousand dollars a month uh there are
other programs you know so many
different things they can call it
whatever they want look at the Ubi that
is World coin for example Lisa is trying
to be World coin people came there they
lined up they had their eyeball scanned
and they were given this cryptocurrency
and people said yeah this is nonsense
this is nothing
I think it was four million people over
a relatively short period of time that
sign up just like that and imagine if
the government was the one giving this
out just today as it is
there would be many more millions of
people signing up to it if it was their
own governments that of course takes us
to the next level so let me show you
here we got thefts I'm just going to
show you various examples you'll see it
all around I know you've seen it in the
news and we might have dealt with it
yourself retail CEOs signal Rising alarm
as theft eats away billions in sales
we've seen this before you'll look at
Kohl's Foot Locker Target Walmart say
Brazen retail theft is worsening so it's
not getting better it's actually getting
worse giant to remove some brand names
items from South East DC store and then
connection with that at DC grocery
stores removing tide Colgate and Advil
to deter thefts I've seen none and Home
Depot I mean just just about everywhere
it seems there are thefts going on R.I.P
Beverly Hills video shows high-end
retail stores now shuttered amid La
crime wave so you could see this the
video is just going through and denotes
all these different name brands and
people are you know obviously a little
bit shocked by this these are big
companies right
and
it's just one video and yes it's just
one area the companies haven't gone
under but what does it tell you number
one that the economic aspects of all
that we are experiencing have been very
challenging people can't afford what
they did before and at the same time we
have the commercial real estate side of
it that is something I highlight very
regularly because all these stores
closing you need to get a new uh
business to put come in there but
that's proven to be a challenge
all right and of course there's debt
connected in with that and that's why it
is a big concern commercial real estate
very very bad investment at this time at
least
from you know this Vantage Point who
knows what will happen 2024 2025
from Boom Town to bust the story of San
Francisco San Francisco a lot of people
have been talking about how it has
really changed over the years the prices
of everything have been so high and of
course at the same time there's
homelessness there's theft with car car
break-ins especially
um just people there's homeless crisis
and so on there's many things and so
we're talking about a place where the
average
house is going to be you know a million
dollars but at the same time
people can't make ends meet a lot of
people and so you're if you're going to
work for the tech industry
you're living in a place where the
houses are so expensive but you can't
afford it and so you gotta commute what
they call Super commuters you gotta
commute two hours plus just to be able
to get there
I'm not sure that's long-term think in
their Times Square back to the old days
it's uh well whole
we'll leave it at that but you know this
is just one place again Times Square San
Francisco we can
you know pick one or the other but I've
I found that it's it's a lot of places
it's really a lot of places
boosters fencers and cleaners inside
cartel's newest criminal Enterprise of
organized retail theft apparently the
epidemic here of retail theft costs a
hundred billion dollars
in 2021 I mean it's as I'm I don't know
how accurate that number is but
it's a lot and so we gotta ask that
question what's next what's coming
well IRS to use AI to crack down on
ultra-rich taxpayers and Partnerships
and so what they're saying is they're
going to use the AI to look at this and
do more than a person ever could by
seeing these patterns unusual patterns
what could we do that's great right
everyone's got to pay their taxes the
only problem here is that really the
tech is being used to number one
displaced jobs and number two is of
course to use this on the middle class
it's never it's absolutely never for the
richest of the rich people maybe it'll
be for successful entrepreneurs or what
have you
um but it's really about the middle
class that's what it always is about
because you want to keep them
down robot toe rigs are coming to take
your illegally parked car so now they're
going to use this I thought it was
interesting I don't know if this is
legitimate but I did see the video
and you can see this thing is coming and
it's taking this car away and I guess it
could fit into a tighter space and what
have you but it just shows us that they
are using the technology against the
people and I understand if your car is
parked illegally they they're taking it
away and so on I'm not saying anything
about that what I'm trying to say is the
build up seems to be around taking away
from people in general Pentagon plans
vast AI Fleet to counters China's threat
so we know that there's a lot of money a
lot of
everything basically going into these
new technologies
property owners who don't comply with
new energy rules May face prison
ministers want to Grant powers to create
new Criminal offenses and increase
penalties as part of efforts to hit Net
Zero targets
and so they're going to do whatever they
can to make sure that this is
implemented
they want to use
they want to use climate change that you
know any any reason they're going to do
that they're going to put pressure on
people and as a result they're going to
have to pay more at the end of the day
they're going to get less and they're
gonna have to pay more okay so I've made
my point clear at this point here uh
companies to develop offline Indian cbdc
payments with feature phones so it is
even available I guess offline I don't
know the technology and how that works
but
um I think that this is where it all
happens and so you might say to yourself
what can I do about it okay cbdc is
coming they're making us poor okay buddy
well let me actually tell you let me
actually explain this to you just a few
things okay there's a lot that we can be
doing but let's talk about a few for
today's video I love to do the section
at the end and if you do as well if
you'd like to hear this section of hey
what what actions can we take what can
we do let me know in the comments I need
your feedback I need that feedback to be
able to continue that's how I I
determine everything
you know since the beginning of the
channel it's it's all been based on your
feedback
make enough money or be self-sufficient
um to not rely on their programs that's
a simple matter of fact if you do not
want to be forced onto the Ubi cbdc
which I I believe will be linked
together
uh if you don't want that you gotta have
one of those two things one of the two
pillars of prosperity and I think it's
important that we get wise to any yes
easier said than done but that is part
of the solution
all right have a plan B a second
passport and a residence potentially
this is important for a lot of people
and it's not necessarily very expensive
for some people if you have you know
through your bloodline or depending on
how it works you could get
a passport you can get a citizenship in
a different place that maybe you know
because you're grandparents or parents
or they're from Italy
you can get that because of the
bloodline as long as they didn't
renounce their citizenship other places
you can get citizenship by investment
there's different ways to do it but if
you have the access the potential to do
that and it's not going to affect your
income taxes because some countries
if you're a you know a citizen of the
country then they immediately tax you so
watch out with that but that's that's
key okay it is uh very important to
think about that to have that plan B and
learn a skill that makes money in
difficult times so you might have your
nine to five job but your other skill
maybe it's e-commerce and you sell
products that uh do well during that or
maybe it's some sort of uh self-defense
it could be anything
this is something that during the
difficult times you're going to be able
to sell products and services and so of
course we need to be there and we need
to be aware of all these things so that
you are
basically taking the right actions okay
you want to see what's happening have
that foresight and then take action
accordingly if you want to join me on
the Discord over 1300 people are on here
every day we chat back and forth asking
questions uh sharing links all that
stuff really cool it's totally free hit
the link in the description and reach
out and say hey I'll be there to reply
all right comment of the day this is a
very long comment but Charles Charles
mentioned something and I wanted to
highlight it here for a moment it's
talking basically about everything
um but I I do believe that
you know as he says right here
they say that two percent inflation is
like the goal and that's where we need
to be but why not zero percent inflation
and that's interesting right we always
talk about two percent but I've always
said myself
zero percent is inflation is okay what
about a little deflation for a while
that's okay too I think a lot of people
would be better off as a result I want
to thank you uh for that comment and for
everybody that comments every single day
I do appreciate you I continue these
videos uh every single day best I can so
thank you for being here I'll see on the
next one take care